Clarify "Target Release" in PR template (#24707)
Azure/azure-powershell: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Mandatory Checklist

> - Please choose the target release of Azure PowerShell. (⚠️**Target release** is a different concept from **API readyness**. Please click into the links for details.)

Reviewer: - Please choose the target release of Azure PowerShell. (⚠️**Target release** is a different concept from **API readiness**. Please click into the links for details.)

> - Please choose the target release of Azure PowerShell. (⚠️**Target release** is a different concept from **API readyness**. Please click into the links for details.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please choose the target release of Azure PowerShell. (⚠️**Target release** is a different concept from **API readiness**. Please click below links for details.)
```

Author: Thanks. You can approve now.
